Hello and welcome again.
So let's try our clone of our virtual machine.
We'll try to clone the default one do Falcon all of our machine then we'll see our link.
It cannot.
So for those Aietes you do that if our virtual machine have one terabytes and try to clone this virtual
machine.
It will take time to have four or five how to clone this one.
It's in vision about the speed of the heart over and the network and so on and so on.
So in this situation I will try to make it known in our numpty virtual machine.
So the Windows 7 Number two it's a pity there there's not have any operating system.
So of course it's consume only a small space or the storage.
It's about 300 megabytes.
So the Crewdson will be a little fast in this situation so we can follow due process.
But of course if you do it in for example this one when center it will take time to complete this process.
And we don't need to wait all the time just to get the idea about cloning.
So for example does one consume 27 gigabytes if I try to copy and past this one it will take about one
hour because it's happened.
Truglio network for example when you clone a virtual machine from what I want and do new one you put
it into is X I do mean you copy and paste the data from E6.
I want to E-6 ITL Also if it is already exist in London and br1 and then you can on the new one in LA.
Number two it will take time to copy and past from LA want to land to.
It is information about network speed.
So for those We're going to do it in Windows 7.
Number two that is empty virtual machine to make it as quick as possible.
Also do cloning you can't do anything about it on your machine.
A Life virtual machine all in our power of virtual machine.
So we go to the virtual machine that we want to clone chromate with click on it and we have an option
that's called clone.
We have clamped virtual machine.
We have glued to place to place.
In reality there's option we already send them into preview cards you come back to the preview of course
to watch the section about documenting.
Then on to a virtual machine.
So this option is to file Cloonan.
So we give it a name.
So for example VM when 7 new or for example 0 9 etc. it's in Arisia about byname that you want to give
it for a specific service.
Then you chose the data center.
We only have one of course if you have more details that you can clone a virtual machine from that Santer
want to to true.
Then we click next day and we chose to do cluster because we have a class that returns true neater across
the cluster.
And of course you need to trolls do Haast So the schoolmaster can stewpot this virtual machine.
Of course if you choose cluster it will clone a virtual machine in one of the Isak's available information
about do dearest he will chose do right.
E6 I assert that I can support his virtual machine and this bitter machine inside that Drobe there's
room but of course if you choose to put it into it because I want or E-6 two or three it's the same
you make the choice.
But when you complete the process and run the virtual machine the rest will start a calculation.
The balance between the different is I asked then who would stay true MacGraw is the virtual machine
from E6 I want to.
Know that is excite.
That's constant for this virtual machine.
Of course I didn't know that he will run this virtual machine and is exciting because he is excited
we have more resource and powerful resource.
But if we chose it.
I want you to see that you automatically try to migrate it from it.
I want to.
It's exciting.
So what is chores for example is I want next.
Of course you can choose in it is true that you want to put it inside it if you want to put into resource
pool or just pull 8 inside the resource pool.
The resource pool we do we are all of them have a compatibility check six people.
So they just put it into ESX I host next.
Then you have the option we already covered them before.
Same formats as the datastore default or you your controlled encryption or the V-sign.
Those aren't always recommended to leave them as the default do you need a specific reason to chose
one of those option.
Then we have to chose the data store cluster or do that or store the local store of the Isak's I want
I would have added that I store one.
Or do you choose do that cluster.
But if we want to choose a specific plan we desirable the storage dress for this material machine and
we chose by example Dyllon one or two.
So we want to push this machine to run into one one so we deserved to start there.
As for this machine that's me and this machine will be overwrite.
There is still a there is for the data store cluster.
But if you want to make it to storage rest trolls do right learn the children that this one you simply
chickadees want and tools that I start Ruster automatically chose to write learn or write this to saved
the driver of this virtual machine.
So next then if you remember Alda's option I'd have to customize the operating system.
That's me and you add to license the name the user etc. then do customized with your machine hardware
if you want to add for example drame to do your get your machine.
For example this machine have one gigabytes of hareem you want that you want to not want to give it
to your brain.
You can chose this one to customize it then power on the virtual machine.
That's me.
After cloning this machine will power it on and so on.
And Sol.
So in this situation we cover all those option into preview cards you come back to do a preview course
to check them.
But we'll go forward and click next.
Then a quick overview then he automatically chose a cluster number two by making some calculation.
You see it's an accommodation but of course you can generate more recommendation if you want to get
information about a different recommendation or a column on the rayson satisfy any cel plus Montral
waste.
So I take it that one number one or maybe the London but to learn number two is the one common that
you use this knowledge.
So in any case Uncle coalition and decided that this one will be great too.
But if you want to change it you can click to see don't and chose to start the new virtual machine in
large number two.
So of course we are going to chose the accommodation.
It's not our problem now then finish and that is it applies to the Dennis.
So we chose the stars and didn't stop Kopete us thought of this new machine to do storage available.
So how does it do.
No virtual machine created what has it had is it the end win seven.
Number nine if we check this one you'll find that two stars exist in the land.
Number two is it.
And the new virtual machine is powered up.
You can power on to see that all the data available as the same as this one.
This one does not have any operating system.
So the new one also when not have any open agent system yet.
So how does it win seven number nine.
The operating system is upsy of course in our politics and religion that have no political system we'll
take a lot of time before completing this process.
Also it exists in the house E6 line.
But it took a little time who will try to migrate this but your machine.
So how does it after a moments when I stop recording.
Hey McGeary the virtual machine.
Win 7 2 from a specific cost to Amata in arisen off balance into a resource between the defense.
Also there is great when 7:2 from E6.
I do if you remember we this virtual machine to the Isak's I do mean we have a new machine costumed
resource or the e6.
I saw him agreed.
One of those virtual machine available from Essex to do is X I want in the cluster.
It used the same LAN.
It is not changed a lot but émigrés do Windows 7 2 from A-6 I to do it because I want to get the right
balance so it's up and automatically without doing any Thank you see you in the next video.